Update limits-specifications-teams.md (#10258)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/limits-specifications-teams.md

This article describes some of the limits, specifications, and other requirements that apply to Teams.

## Domains

|Feature    | Maximum limit |
|-----------|---------------|

> |Number of approved domains for federation | 4000&sup1;    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Number of approved domains for federation | 4,000&sup1;    
```
